Issue 1404: Escape brackets for ContainSingle(...) (#1406)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

**Fixes**
* Guard against negative precision arguments for `BeCloseTo` and `BeApproximately` - [#1386](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1386)
* Guard against implicitly or explicitly trying to compare primitive types by members - [#1394](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1394).

> * Escaped brackets in expressions passed to ContainSingle(...) - [#1406](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1406). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed formatting of brackets in expressions passed to ContainSingle(...) - [#1406](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1406). 
```
